Yeah, have some
My mom almost found out today
Brain is interrogated
Fortunately, I came out and had a good time
It's okay, your mom will know sooner or later
And I figured it out.
What about when you're ready to give birth?
Just let your mother-in-law and Mrs. Liu take care of you together
No, if my mom finds out about me
I casually got married and had a child
Then divorced
He's going to be mad.
There's a dangerous situation.
I can be reimbursed
Hara
Just kidding.
I have called in the best medical team
Keep your child safe
It's just that I didn't do that.
Will I reach out harder than others?
Can I help you?
Mrs. Liu said
The pregnant woman was out of danger for three months.
You can have a normal married life
Helps you regulate endocrine
Uh no you misunderstood
That's not what it means.
I will get married after getting divorced
After the divorce
How about now?
I have the obligation to build a husband
Keep you smooth